Hi girls , how are you?
I'll show you this today.
decoration and is an income type black lace
it was a lot of you today this video I
I'm doing the food a day.
restless commitment and now two 28 in the morning
and I hope my voice does not stay
Naughty because there are some girls
What to complain about my nation?
so girls enamel that I used was
This an imported slot I paid - $ 15
I thought it was sweet, but it was worth it.
also use this wire
gold to make the division in my
nails place it on my tendon
this morning this way looks only
and he is not right in the middle look I do not
I could help show you more
because I simply loved
He is very light He has a texture like that
incredible I just went for a walk and already
covered super well
he does not stain excellent people
mount
Look, it 's wonderful, you want to buy it.
other colors for me besides him
do not peel easy nails saw people
I already missed recording
nail videos for you but yesterday
I have not recorded since Christmas and the
they are enormous now because I do not
I cut I just left it
I just can not get past the
do not get blurry ok
Look, people, I'm shooting.
straight division
I'm on contracts that I 'm not
dying so many streets anyway I
I like to pass the toothpick and with those of
black xuxa any you do dot
with scorer rock
If you do not have a scorer, you can
use
every politician just leave tip of
toothpick they saw billet is and with
highest scorer the three points of this
form
I'm going to use this notebook that the
smart for decoration I do not
I have his mark because the brand already has
out of rhythm that he's but you
You can use a fine black enamel brush
Even then I make the outline and
marbles
I do it twice that way.
to finish I make a few dots in the
last line in the last term and one looks
Just how it got even the boy and the finger
indicator
The school is ringing and I'm going to make a dash
because I'm not so good at
make a dash
so I'll try to get a ribbon.
quite right
now I make lines one side of the
another to look like a little surrender
It's a question of practice, even with the
time you get practice
In the old days I did not like doing the
my nails I was lazy because
did not give anything right to practice
I got you with certainty too.
They'll get it, I'll enjoy it too.
and I'm going to thank everyone who wanted me
better that I'm better off
Allergy good, thank you very much, I
I finish based on this brightness.
really expect to dry well so do not
find why it's black it can stain
so you have to go through a lot
delicacy when it is very light and not
pass more than twice over
same place because otherwise stain and
after you pass this base is shine
It gives another for around the nails with
bruninho and the design also defendant that is
much prettier and one that has
liked
you liked the shayk to me and to the
next 21 years well jan out all